Now another nagging thing about our first webpage is all the manual labor that we need to do.
Now what do I mean by that.
Well let's say that in my first webpage I would like to change from hello world to Hello people.
Well we can definitely do that.
So again we're going to head over back to our document.
I'm gonna go here.
Within the content that's going to be displayed on a page.
So within the adding text and I'm going to say hello people.
Now again we would need to say this.
And again you can prefer a shortcut or the long way through the file system.
And here I'm going to say this now once I save it I need to head over back to my Web page again and
refresh at the moment we refresh the page obviously we have Hello people.
And while this does not seem like a lot of work right now trust me the more and more we're going to
be learning and working and experiencing this is going to get annoying really fast in order to fix that.
We're going to install our first extension for the Visual Studio code.
So I'm gonna click on this icon and now you'd need to search for our extension now if you'd like to
search for extension again.
We would do this in a searchable.
So here I'm just going to type alive and the name of the extension is gonna be server.
Now this is gonna bring up the extension that we're looking for.
And as you can see the moment I make the sidebar a little bit bigger we can just see more clear what
this extension is all about.
Now if you want to have more information about extension which you should probably read a lot of times
before you install this extension.
So that is a good option.
You can just click on it or double click on it and then you're going to have this info window.
Now if you'd like to install the extension once again click on the installing of the extension.
And now we would need to reload the Visual Studio code.
So it is gonna click on reloading and sure enough.
Now we have our extension available.
How do I know that.
Because these are the extensions that we have on our machine and these would be the recommended extensions
as well as the moment I'm going to start typing Visual Studio code is gonna be suggesting me extensions
obviously based on what we're typing here in the search.
So with all that being said what I can do right now is first of all minimize it just so you can see
a little bit better what's happening.
I'm also gonna close whatever the web browser we had before.
I'm going to close this browser thing.
Then let's also maybe make this smaller as was open it up in the actual file system.
My arms are not filesystem basically in the folder.
And then once we have all that what we would need to do is right now navigate to our workspace and once
we are in our workspace again we have few options.
So either we can go here where we have go live.
So this is gonna open up the life server or we can right click it and again we're gonna have the option
of open with a life server as well as we have a shortcut on the shortcut would be commando and commando.
Now I'm just gonna press the go live over here and this is gonna open up our local development sir.
Now what's really nice about this why we would prefer this way instead of the previous one.
Well first of all the way that course is gonna be setting up is I'm gonna setup them side by side so
I'm gonna open up this guy so my visual studio code as well as my code or I'm sorry my local development
server on the right hand side.
So all the changes that we're gonna be doing we're all gonna be able to see right away in our life server.
So let's say that I'm first of all gonna close this because it's complaining that we don't have a proper
structure which we will gonna do in the next three years.
And don't worry about it but let's say if I would like to change this back to the helo people I can
just delete whatever I would like to change and we're gonna write Hello world.
Now for now nothing's gonna change because we still don't have the proper syntax for the HDMI document.
So basically there has to be structure.
However later on we're gonna have an option where every time we're gonna be making some kind of change
the changes are gonna be showing up right away alive here on the right hand side in our local development
server.
And trust me in a long run that makes our lives much more easier.